Phase 2 Tasks:
Everyone:
Visualize a ton of different variable combinations to see what outliers look like and get a gist of what variables impact price and/or each other.
Document your code and every way you have tried to answer the Question
Keep a Weekly update of what you have done
Work on final Goal Question

Note: The plots and tests are just ideas. They may not work for our data and you should defintely try other stuff out to get the best analysis done

Emma Doyle: 
First 2 Questions in the Phase 1 Document:
What impact does a region have on price? 
	Box Plot, One-Way Anova 
What is the distribution of manufacturers and whether manufacturers have a significant impact on the asking price of a vehicle?   
	Pie Graph/Box Plot, One-Way Anova/ Kruskal-Wallis rank sum test 

Reid Hoffmeier:
Next 2 Questions:
What is the relationship between odometer and price?  
    Scatter Plot/Box-Plot, Simple Regression Analysis 
Does the number of photos a vehicle has impact the selling price?  
    Scatter Plot, Simple Regression Analysis  

Matthew Lane:
Next 2 Questions:
Does the number of times a vehicle has been upped in the catalog to raise its position impact the selling price?  
    Simple Regression Analysis  
Relationship between Engine Type and Body Type? What is the impact of Engine Type and Body Type on the selling price?  
    Mosaic Plot/ Chi-Squared Test, Two-Way ANOVA /Kruskal-Wallis rank sum test 

Mikhail Mikhaylov:
Next 2 Questions:
What is the most popular model and whether we can conclude that the popularity of a model has a direct impact on the price of a vehicle?    
    Dplyr count with group_by to find the most popular model by region. One-Way ANOVA Test/ Kruskal-Wallis rank sum test.   
What is the average age of each vehicle manufacturer and whether the manufacturer changes how the production year impacts the selling price?    
    Bar graph, Two-Way ANOVA/ Kruskal-Wallis rank sum test 

Brandon Strong:
The goal is to find which variables have the largest impact on the selling price of a vehicle and to create an accurate predictive model for the selling price of a used car in Belarus? 
Analyze the insights gained from the previous questions to create a predictive model. 

You will have to coordinate our questions to attempt to create a final model (We will all help)
Code Maintenance
Writing down how we have attempted our questions on RMarkdown